0.  GIF can store 256 colours
    PNG can store about 16 million colours
    JPEG supports 24-bit color .. 8 bit for each of red, green and blue so it supports about 16 million colours
    BMP supports about 65 thousand colours for 16-bit image and about 16 million colours for 24-bit image.

1.  GIF supports animation.

2.  lossy compression is the compression at which when the image is uncompressed only some of the original information is available
    looseless compression is the compression at which the image can uncompressed and no information is lost.
    
3.  JPEG is lossy-compressed format.

4.  The system modifies the file name to a signal that refers to that the file is deleted. Then the fat clusters corresponding to the file is freed and moved to free clusters. but the file is not touched.

5.  Simply, I can write all adressable blocks to ASCII NUL or to a random character.

6.  It is a header that contains the functions used in the i/o of files like fread and fwrite.  

7.  a variables with exact and known sizes to fill in headers 

8.  BYTE  = 1 byte
    DWARD = 4 bytes
    LONG  = 4 bytes
    WORD  = 2 bytes

9.  In hexadecimal = 0x4d42

10. bfsize = headers + image size includes padding
    bisize = fixed size = 40 bytes "the size of the info header"

11. It means that the hight pixels is more than the capacity of "Long" that the variable has overflowed to the negative region of the "Long" variable.

12. bi.biBitCount specifies the number of bit per pixel.

13. Because there isn't enough memory to create the pointer. or we cannot create files in the directory specified.
 
14. Because that argument indicates the number of element we read. and the element we read is the info header. so we read it just once.

15. The value equals 3.

16. It moves the position indicator of the file a specified number of steps from some point. We use it to ignore the padding in our calculations.

17. It's a reference for the movement of the file indicator and it refers to the current position of the indicator.

18. I didn't know who in the picture exactly "I made the code, reaveled and enhanced the picture but I havenot seen the man in picture before". 
